Up to this point and then I agree,
you've been using Python lists.
You've represented one and two dimensional worlds both with lists.
matrices and vectors as lists.
And later in the stand agreed you'll see how even an image can be represented as a list.
And lists are great,
especially when the data they contain is ordered in some meaningful way.
But the list isn't the only data structure that you have to work with.
And in this lesson,
you're going to learn about two additional data structures called dictionaries and sets.
And learning to use these data structures
correctly will allow you to write code that's easier to read,
faster to write, and more efficient to run.
And these data structures also tend to show
up on programming interviews pretty frequently.
So knowing a bit more about them is never a bad idea.
But, before we jump into these new data structures,
let's get a sense for what it even means to talk about the structure of data.